Technical infrastructure: 

Reseller for Rogers & Shaw / Yes 

Billing & onboarding: using an inhouse platform, developed internally (client to business) and Roger’s platform for (business to Rogers). Invested in a CRM & billing systems. Customer data is there from ordering moment + email automation with Shaw for internet services. Simon: Sage or Quickbooks, would require a lot of customization and integration, too high budget, monthly cost is high, so we hired a programmer to built it inhouse for six months. 

Support: Korean community, Simon: support is local. Distance is drivable, 45 mins to 1 hour. Basic or normal support activities.  

Outsourcing: Cisco router management, 24x7 support, in Vancouver, Cisco Certified Technician. 

Reach out to non-Korean, Hailey: 90%, Korean support who speaks Mandarin to target Chinese customers. Sign up through a word of mouth mainly. 

Geography reseller agreement: Can reseller Rogers anywhere Rogers is able to service. 

Lower mainland focus is because of the cost. In theory the reselling can be done anywhere in Canada + IP address considerations (slash 20 or slash 21, which costs a lot). 

Billing: one lump sum invoice from Rogers then invoice consumers from CRM. 

Processing payments: credit cards on file? Yes, Hailey: 80% are on PAP. The company is already registered in all Canadian banks so it can be found as a Payee in consumers bank accounts. TD credit card for payment processing, does the batch once a month.  

Simon: billing is at the beginning and end of the month.  

Faris: cell plans from Rogers? Simon: there is a list of Rogers services and products that can be sold. 

Churn rate: Hailey: people churn rate 30 to 40 people a month, then we acquire new people 

Korean people, seniors, cannot speak English well, customer service reps talk English & Korean, customer service is a sticking factor, international students, Korea co con tu, platform for Korean people, like WhatsApp, younger generation. 

Hailey: Increase the marketing and target other demographics. Simon: we couldn’t penetrate other ethnic groups, 1.5 immigrated generation, breaking the language. Keep the Korean team and Korean customer base. 

Perfect buyer: Simon: keep the current customer base and team, replicate and scale.  

Chris: All cash: no vendor-financing.  

No rush: Early next week 

Got an offer already. 

Monday 12PM Vancouver Time. 

Faris: two employees, LMIA employees. Three FT & one PT employees, one sub-contractor quarterly renewed. 

Rack hosted in downtown Rogers. Harbour center. FB optics. E Structure. Used to be Pier One. Everybody is already there. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
